docs: mention normal upload_dirs for shopware 5 (#5507)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/usage/cli.md

* For Drupal projects, these are the `sites/default/files` and `../private` directories.
* For Magento 1 projects, this is the `media` directory.
* For Magento 2 projects, this is the `pub/media` directory.

> * For Shopware 5 projects, this is the `media` directory.

Reviewer: I'm not sure exactly how this works since there isn't explicit support for Shopware 5. Maybe:

```suggestion
* For Shopware 5 projects (usually of type `php`), this will be the `media` directory.
```

Reviewer: I guess the problem here is that unless you set `upload_dirs` then DDEV won't do anything special with Shopware 5.
